PropTypes are used to catch bugs before it becomes a problem. We can used them in the beginning of making a project therefore we find bugs while building our projects instead of afterwards. It’s important to type check our data because we want to make sure the right data is being passed down especially after passing data down thru multiple components. For example, passing data from a Parent -> Child -> Grandchild -> GreatGrandChild. We want to make sure that the great-grandchild as the right data and did not received the wrong data when we passed the same data multiple times.

The best example for a life cycle would be a login page. When you open a page and a login page comes up, the mounting phases is occurring and when you type in your logins, your updating the state and when you click login button, you are re-rendering and updating the page and at the same time you are unmounting the original login page and mounting the actual app page.

A high order Component receives a component as an argument and returns a new component. It shares information and functionality of another component but as well we can use to check for a condition and render a certain component depending on the condition. 

There are multiple ways to style a component. I know of four different ways, Reactstrap, styled-components, preproccessor and CSS. I don’t know if Pre-proccessor and CSS counts as one. Using reactstrap is great because a lot of the styling is already done for us and it’s just up to use to figure out the layout and make small adjustments and usually its very responsive. Styled-components makes it easier when it comes to file management because you get the ability to style your component in your JS file. Preproccessors and CSS gives you more control when it comes to themes of your site when comparing it to styled-components and reactstrap, but the differences between preproccessors and CSS, you have more power and management of your code using preprocessors compare to CSS. 


